->AWS Global Infrastructure 

In AWS, regions are independent of each other. Without customer's consent, data is not replicated in any other region.
When you decide which AWS Region to host your applications and workloads, consider four main aspects:
latency, price, service availability, and compliance.

So, when we want to choose a region we go in below way
1. Compliance: If our enterprise demands that customer data should be in this territory then it is period. No need to think anything else
then that geographic location is would be our region.
2. Latency: Then our factor comes of latency. If our application demands low latency, then our IT resources should be near to user base.
Let say my user base is in Sydney and I have chosen the AWS set up region as in UK. Then it will be slower in response to users than the one
if we had chosen some region near to Sydney. Since request aaygi and then response jaayga to such far away it will add to some time.
3. Pricing : Since prices vary depending on region as AWS ko set up karne ke liye region mein kya cost aati hai like real estates,
wahan pe customs, wahan pe equipment buy costs, wahan pe internet connectivity and multiple other things, toh uske according aws service ki
price hogi in any region. Therefore, ye factor dekhna hoga.
4. Service availability: Service which we want is available in that region or not, since any new service which AWS launches is not rolled 
out to all regions, it starts with 1 and then goes on.



Scope of AWS services:
1. Region based scope hai if kisi AWS ki service ka- toh Amazon dekh lega for high availability and resiliency, since vo apneaap multiple
AZs mein apne data ko rakh lega
If region based scope nahin hai, we have to choose the AZ, then we should choose atleaset 2 AZs taaki ek destroy ho toh dossre se hamara 
application available ho to take over the traffic.


Edge locations
Edge locations are global locations where content is cached. For example, if your media content is in London and you want to share video files 
with your customers in Sydney, you could have the videos cached in an edge location closest to Sydney. This would make it possible for your
customers to access the cached videos more quickly than accessing them from London. 
Currently, there are over 400+ edge locations globally.
Amazon CloudFront delivers your content through a worldwide network of edge locations.
